
  I've read a lot of books, but this is one of my all time favorites; that's not something I can say about very many books. I'll make it simple; I'm a fifteen year old teenage boy. When I usually read a book, I toss it aside and move on to the next one. And, like most teenage boys, I am not very emotional. At the end of this book, I cried. Not just a few tears either; I was full on bawling my eyes out. That's how good this book is. I promise you, unless you have a heart of stone, you will love this book.


Although his brother Hank might argue that the real "fault in our stars" is that our sun contains limited amounts of hydrogen, which will cause it to eventually run out of the only fuel source capable of supporting its mass against gravity, thereby expanding until its outer shell envelops our tiny planet and consumes it in a fiery death, I think it is more likely that John Green's title refers to a line from Shakespeare's Julius Caesar:"The fault, dear Brutus is not in our stars, / But in ourselves, that we are underlings." Caesar (I, ii, 140-141)What does this quote mean and how does it relate to a novel about two kids dying of cancer?  I'll explore that below.The Fault in Our Stars is the story of two 16-year-olds who meet at a cancer support group.  Hazel Lancaster, the narrator, is afflicted with terminal thyroid cancer which has ravaged her lungs enough to necessitate the use of an oxygen tank wherever she goes.  It is during a support meeting that she is introduced to Augustus Waters, whose leg was claimed by a malignant bone tumor and who soon becomes the object of her affection.When I learned of the plot of this novel, I was initially a bit turned off.  I'm reminded of a comment a friend made when I asked her if she wanted to go see the movie 50/50, upon which she exclaimed "who wants to go see a movie about people dying of cancer?"  I couldn't come up with a satisfactory response, and we settled for a two-hour movie about the competitive world of robot fighting (which still caused me to shed a tear).  So why would anyone, especially young adults, want to read about "cancer kids?"  As Hazel herself states in the novel, "cancer books suck.Read more ›


Part one: The Book."The Fault in Our Stars" is a work that defies its genre in all the best ways possible. The silly boycrushes and superficial gossip that most writers think makes up 99% of high school steps aside for a beautiful, honest, heartrending story of life, death, and love. I can only compare this book to Markus Zuzak's award-winning "The Book Thief" in terms of sophistication and depth.Hazel and Augustus are two of the most fleshed-out characters, particularly teenagers, that I have ever read. Their story is a joy and a privilege to read. Furthermore, their love is more real than anything else you will ever find on the Young Adult shelves.Note- Read it alone if you can. People give you weird looks when you aren't sure if you're laughing or crying.Part Two: A Response to Several ReviewsThis bit is written in response to those who find the dialogue unrealistic, particularly for wee little teenagers. To them, I'd firstly like to request that you stop being condescending. Does every teenager speak like that? No, of course not. But please don't assume that means all teenagers are incapable of using words with more than two syllables, or lack the brainpower to be witty, insightful, and existential in conversation.Having spent the last five or so years in this nebulous "teenagerdom", I believe I may be qualified enough to judge the "teenageriness" of Green's dialogue. Do the characters sound like teenagers? No. They don't sound like iCarly, or Bella Swan, or Troy Bolton or the majority of teens in pop culture.But they do sound like me, and my best friends, and the people I surround myself with in high school. They sound like people, people I'd like to meet.Read more ›


  In The Fault in Our Stars, author John Green tackles the major questions of existence with humor, honesty, and grace.  The narrator (Hazel) is dealing with a terminal form of cancer and yet this is not a story about dying but rather a story about truly living.  Through the lives of the two main characters Green shows us that we are all in fact terminal, but that we largely decide how to spend our brief moments of life.  Most lives are not triumphs or tragedies purely, but they are filled with moments of both.I would heartily recommend this novel to a wide audience far beyond the Young Adult crowd.  Personally, I became aware of Green through his YouTube efforts and eagerly awaited this book.  My only regret is that I read it at one sitting, but I simply could not put it down.  A masterful, coming-of-age story.  Wonderful and poignant.  Laughter and tears.  I will definitely be passing this book on to the readers in my life.


It seems like every less-than-five-star review needs to begin with the author's assurance of being a Nerdfighter and loving John Green, lest it be downvoted into oblivion. Therefore let me begin by saying that yes, I am a Nerdfighter, and I watch John Green videos religiously. However, TFIOS fell a little flat for me. Most points I want to make have already been addressed, but I still wanted to stand with my fellow three-star-ers.My main problem with the book is that the characters are just not believable. They do not speak like teenagers. They do not even handle situations like teenagers do. So many interactions between Gus and Hazel are interactions which, plain and simple, just would not happen between real, emotional, scared, awkward, virgin teenagers, let alone ones with cancer who have been socially cut off for much of their lives. Their transactions are so smooth and painless with just the barest occasional tinge of awkwardness, when most of them ought to be drenched. Augustus's flirting comes to mind as a prime example. It is funny and witty and entertaining and it is also the flirting of an experienced 25 year old. Neither character appears to be a three-dimensional relatable teenager, and that's a shame, because creating a believable teenage romance is what Green is trying to do.Neither Hazel, Augustus, Hazel's mom, or Hazel's dad appear to have their own seperate identity. They all have the same voice and thought pattern and high intelligence level as their creator does. Hazel is John Green. Augustus is John Green. Hazel's mom and dad are John Green. Isaac is John Green. (Now, I know that obviously all of an author's characters are going to reflect bits of themselves, but it shouldn't be so obvious.Read more ›

<class 'str'>{"reviews": ["\n  I've read a lot of books, but this is one of my all time favorites; that's not something I can say about very many books. I'll make it simple; I'm a fifteen year old teenage boy. When I usually read a book, I toss it aside and move on to the next one. And, like most teenage boys, I am not very emotional. At the end of this book, I cried. Not just a few tears either; I was full on bawling my eyes out. That's how good this book is. I promise you, unless you have a heart of stone, you will love this book.\n", "\nAlthough his brother Hank might argue that the real \"fault in our stars\" is that our sun contains limited amounts of hydrogen, which will cause it to eventually run out of the only fuel source capable of supporting its mass against gravity, thereby expanding until its outer shell envelops our tiny planet and consumes it in a fiery death, I think it is more likely that John Green's title refers to a line from Shakespeare's Julius Caesar:\"The fault, dear Brutus is not in our stars, / But in ourselves, that we are underlings.\" Caesar (I, ii, 140-141)What does this quote mean and how does it relate to a novel about two kids dying of cancer?  I'll explore that below.The Fault in Our Stars is the story of two 16-year-olds who meet at a cancer support group.  Hazel Lancaster, the narrator, is afflicted with terminal thyroid cancer which has ravaged her lungs enough to necessitate the use of an oxygen tank wherever she goes.  It is during a support meeting that she is introduced to Augustus Waters, whose leg was claimed by a malignant bone tumor and who soon becomes the object of her affection.When I learned of the plot of this novel, I was initially a bit turned off.  I'm reminded of a comment a friend made when I asked her if she wanted to go see the movie 50/50, upon which she exclaimed \"who wants to go see a movie about people dying of cancer?\"  I couldn't come up with a satisfactory response, and we settled for a two-hour movie about the competitive world of robot fighting (which still caused me to shed a tear).  So why would anyone, especially young adults, want to read about \"cancer kids?\"  As Hazel herself states in the novel, \"cancer books suck.Read more \u203a\n", "\nPart one: The Book.\"The Fault in Our Stars\" is a work that defies its genre in all the best ways possible. The silly boycrushes and superficial gossip that most writers think makes up 99% of high school steps aside for a beautiful, honest, heartrending story of life, death, and love. I can only compare this book to Markus Zuzak's award-winning \"The Book Thief\" in terms of sophistication and depth.Hazel and Augustus are two of the most fleshed-out characters, particularly teenagers, that I have ever read. Their story is a joy and a privilege to read. Furthermore, their love is more real than anything else you will ever find on the Young Adult shelves.Note- Read it alone if you can. People give you weird looks when you aren't sure if you're laughing or crying.Part Two: A Response to Several ReviewsThis bit is written in response to those who find the dialogue unrealistic, particularly for wee little teenagers. To them, I'd firstly like to request that you stop being condescending. Does every teenager speak like that? No, of course not. But please don't assume that means all teenagers are incapable of using words with more than two syllables, or lack the brainpower to be witty, insightful, and existential in conversation.Having spent the last five or so years in this nebulous \"teenagerdom\", I believe I may be qualified enough to judge the \"teenageriness\" of Green's dialogue. Do the characters sound like teenagers? No. They don't sound like iCarly, or Bella Swan, or Troy Bolton or the majority of teens in pop culture.But they do sound like me, and my best friends, and the people I surround myself with in high school. They sound like people, people I'd like to meet.Read more \u203a\n", "\n  In The Fault in Our Stars, author John Green tackles the major questions of existence with humor, honesty, and grace.  The narrator (Hazel) is dealing with a terminal form of cancer and yet this is not a story about dying but rather a story about truly living.  Through the lives of the two main characters Green shows us that we are all in fact terminal, but that we largely decide how to spend our brief moments of life.  Most lives are not triumphs or tragedies purely, but they are filled with moments of both.I would heartily recommend this novel to a wide audience far beyond the Young Adult crowd.  Personally, I became aware of Green through his YouTube efforts and eagerly awaited this book.  My only regret is that I read it at one sitting, but I simply could not put it down.  A masterful, coming-of-age story.  Wonderful and poignant.  Laughter and tears.  I will definitely be passing this book on to the readers in my life.\n", "\nIt seems like every less-than-five-star review needs to begin with the author's assurance of being a Nerdfighter and loving John Green, lest it be downvoted into oblivion. Therefore let me begin by saying that yes, I am a Nerdfighter, and I watch John Green videos religiously. However, TFIOS fell a little flat for me. Most points I want to make have already been addressed, but I still wanted to stand with my fellow three-star-ers.My main problem with the book is that the characters are just not believable. They do not speak like teenagers. They do not even handle situations like teenagers do. So many interactions between Gus and Hazel are interactions which, plain and simple, just would not happen between real, emotional, scared, awkward, virgin teenagers, let alone ones with cancer who have been socially cut off for much of their lives. Their transactions are so smooth and painless with just the barest occasional tinge of awkwardness, when most of them ought to be drenched. Augustus's flirting comes to mind as a prime example. It is funny and witty and entertaining and it is also the flirting of an experienced 25 year old. Neither character appears to be a three-dimensional relatable teenager, and that's a shame, because creating a believable teenage romance is what Green is trying to do.Neither Hazel, Augustus, Hazel's mom, or Hazel's dad appear to have their own seperate identity. They all have the same voice and thought pattern and high intelligence level as their creator does. Hazel is John Green. Augustus is John Green. Hazel's mom and dad are John Green. Isaac is John Green. (Now, I know that obviously all of an author's characters are going to reflect bits of themselves, but it shouldn't be so obvious.Read more \u203a\n"], "price_new": 7.79, "price_rent": -1.0, "details": ["Paperback: 352 pages", "Publisher: Speak; Reprint edition (April 8, 2014)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 014242417X", "ISBN-13: 978-0142424179", "Product Dimensions: 8.2 x 5.6 x 0.9 inches", "Shipping Weight: 12 ounces (", "4.8 out of 5 stars", "13,431 customer reviews"], "title": "The Fault in Our Stars", "authors": ["John Green"]}