{"details": ["Mass Market Paperback: 864 pages", "Publisher: Bantam; Mti Rep edition (March 22, 2011)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 0553593714", "ISBN-13: 978-0553593716", "Product Dimensions: 6.8 x 4.1 x 1.7 inches", "Shipping Weight: 12.6 ounces ", "4.4 out of 5 stars", "5,192 customer reviews", "#179in Books", "Literature & Fiction", "Genre Fiction", "Movie Tie-Ins", "Science Fiction & Fantasy", "Fantasy", "Epic", "Action & Adventure"], "title": "A Game of Thrones (A Song of Ice and Fire, Book 1)", "price_rent": -1.0, "authors": ["George R.R. Martin"], "reviews": ["\nFirst off, I'm a heavy duty fan of GRRM. I've read over a 100 different  fantasy authors in my time (started at 12; I'm now 32). Took about 5  years off from the genre b/c I felt it was all getting too formulaic and  cliched.  So, when I came back to fantasy at the end of 1999, I read the usual:  Goodkind, Jordan, etc. and then someone told me about GRRM and  man, that was the kicker!  Here are the reasons to choose GRRM. I've also listed the reasons not to  choose him to make it fair b/c I know their are certain personalities who  won't like this series:  WHY TO READ GRRM  (1) YOU ARE TIRED OF FORMULAIC FANTASY: good lad beats  the dark lord against impossible odds; boy is the epitome of good; he and  all his friends never die even though they go through great dangers . . . the  good and noble king; the beautiful princess who falls in love with the  commoner boy even though their stations are drastically different  . . . you get the idea.  After reading this over and over, it gets old.  (2) YOU ARE TIRED OF ALL THE HEROES STAYING ALIVE  EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE UNDER CONSTANT DANGER: this  gets even worse where the author kills a main hero off but that person  comes back later in the story. Or, a hero does die but magic brings him  back.  This sometimes carries to minor characters where even they may not die,  but most fantasy authors like to kill them off to show that some risked the  adventure and perished.  (3) YOU ARE A MEDIEVAL HISTORY BUFF: this story was  influenced by the WARS OF THE ROSES and THE HUNDRED  YEARS WAR.  (4) YOU LOVE SERIOUS INTRIGUE WITHOUT STUPID  OPPONENTS: lots of layering; lots of intrigue; lots of clever players in  the game of thrones.Read more \u203a\n", "\nI spent quite a while staring at the blank screen in front of me to come up with a fitting description of A Game of Thrones by George RR Martin.  Should I compare it to the classic Lord of the Rings for its impressively epic scope?  Would it be best to focus on the honest, often painful humanity of the many characters - so rare in a fantasy novel - that personalizes each point of view?  Perhaps I could impress other customers here with the sheer brilliance of a plot that weaves so many seemingly disparate stories together to form a believable alternate universe in which not only politics, intrigue, war, adventure and romance can coexist plausibly, but magic as well.  How could I do such a work justice?I might as well get this part out of the way first.  Obligatory Synopsis:  in a fantasy continent that bears a familiarity to Middle Ages England, Winter is coming.  Winter in this world means a sort of mini ice age that will last for seven years before receding. In the always-frosty Northern area, the races of nonhuman beings are gathering to advance with the snows; there are hints that there is an ancient, evil power behind their forces.  At the same time in the South, political infighting for the Throne has begun. Overseas, the daughter of the dispossessed former King is maneuvering forces of her own for a bid for the throne.  All this is told through the various stories of both \"good guys\" and not-so-good guys.For starters, AGOT can't be accurately compared to any other book or series in the Fantasy genre (not without insulting it).  The nearest thing of its type is the laborious Wheel of Time series by Jordan - see what I mean? And yet this first in the Song of Ice and Fire series is fathoms above that aimless, droning style.Read more \u203a\n", "\n  NB: THIS REVIEW REFERS TO THE KINDLE EDITION ALONE!  This is a great book, and I've eaten up the series and have been on tenterhooks for George RR to get his finger out and publish A Dance with Dragons for YEARS now.  (And the tv series!! Be still my beating heart!!!)  But I have to comment on the extremely bad editing of the Kindle edition of A Game of Thrones.  It is sloppy and unprofessional.  When I first got my kindle, I never experienced this, but now it seems like every book gets worse and worse.  I thought Sacajawea was bad, but A Game of Thrones starts out with poor editing and gets progressively more appalling as you get further into the book.  People who only read the kindle edition will think that Princess Elia comes from Dome, since that is how it is (almost) consistently spelled throughout the book.  (It's Dorne).  But on the other hand, the `tom cat' is a `torn cat'- go figure.  Little things like that at first, but now, in the last third of the book, the mistakes are coming on nearly every page.  Random parentheses, inappropriately capitalized words, italics that make no sense, sentences that end abruptly - that kind of thing.  It would be irritating, but something I would just accept in a free edition of a book (maybe).  But for a Kindle book that costs more than the paperback, I expect more.  I also own a hard copy of this book, and none of these typos are in that edition.  I'm not sure how the Kindle editions are made, but I expect the same kind of professional editing that you get in print books.  You don't get that here, disappointingly.\n"], "price_new": 5.99}



{"details": ["Hardcover: 696 pages", "Publisher: Belknap Press; First Edition edition (March 10, 2014)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 067443000X", "ISBN-13: 978-0674430006", "Product Dimensions: 9.6 x 6.6 x 1.9 inches", "Shipping Weight: 2.6 pounds ", "3.6 out of 5 stars", "68 customer reviews", "#1in Books", "Business & Money", "Economics", "Development & Growth", "Politics & Social Sciences", "Politics & Government", "Public Affairs & Policy", "Economic Policy", "Comparative"], "title": "Capital in the Twenty-First Century", "price_rent": -1.0, "authors": ["Thomas Piketty", "Arthur Goldhammer"], "reviews": ["\nThomas Piketty's \"Capital in the Twenty-First Century\" is a brilliant analysis of the long term distribution of income and wealth. The book draws on reams of data from the United States and numerous other countries. Most of the data comes from income tax records and estate tax/inheritance records. The sheer quantity of data that underlies Piketty's conclusions is unprecedented, and as a result his work deserves a great deal of credibility.While the book is quite long, the major conclusion can be summarized very briefly: Piketty has found that, over the long run, the return on capital is higher than the growth rate of the overall economy. In other words, accumulated and inherited wealth becomes a larger fraction of the economic pie over time. This happens more or less automatically, and there is no reason to believe this trend will change or reverse course. Although Piketty does not focus on it, there is also an argument that modern technologies like robotics and AI could accelerate the process even more. (For more on this, I'd suggest also reading The Lights in the Tunnel: Automation, Accelerating Technology and the Economy of the Future).Piketty argues that the reduction in inequality in developed countries after World War II was a \"one-off\" that was driven entirely by political choices and policies. It did not happen automatically. Those policies have now been largely reversed, especially in the United States. As a result the drive toward increased inequality is likely to be relentless.Piketty's solution is a global wealth tax. While this seems politically unfeasible, he argues that it is the only thing likely to work.Read more \u203a\n", "\nThis is a monumental work about inequality. Despite the title's allusion to Marx's classic (a point emphasized by the dust jacket design), it's neither a primarily theoretical nor a primarily polemical work, though it has elements of both theory and advocacy. Nor is its author (TP) a radical: he taught at MIT, and is thoroughly at home in the concepts and categories of mainstream neoclassical theory. Nonetheless, I think even many who hold less orthodox views about economics will find this book stimulating, valuable and sympathetic in many respects. And all readers ought to find it disturbing.In the ultra-long comments below, I begin with the book's audience and style (\u00a7 1); then turn to some of the book's main arguments, which are more nuanced than usually reported (\u00a7\u00a7 2-6); then to some things that are unclear or missing (\u00a7\u00a7 7-8); and I end with some comments about the book's production (\u00a7 9) and some concluding remarks.1.  In the original French edition, TP says that he intended this book to be readable for persons without any particular technical knowledge. In principle, it could be read by a broad, college-educated audience. TP's prose is very clear and direct, with a low density of jargon and a high density of information. (I read the French edition, but Arthur Goldhammer's translation seems to preserve these qualities very well.) The discussion is enlivened by well-chosen references to literature and a sprinkling of sarcastic barbs, both of them techniques that French scholars have developed into art forms (if not as elegant as John Kenneth Galbraith's irony).Read more \u203a\n", "\nLet me start of by quoting the very first paragraph of a 20-page review in The Journal of Economic Literature by World Bank researcher Branko Milanovic*:\"I am hesitant to call Thomas Piketty's new book Capital in the 21st  century (Le capital au XXI si\u00e8cle in the French original) one of the best books in economics written in the past several decades. Not that I do not believe it is, but I am careful because of the inflation of positive book reviews and because contemporaries are often poor judges of what may ultimately prove to be influential. With these two caveats, let me state that we are in the presence of one of the watershed books in economic thinking.\"Yeah, that sounds about right.This book is a conceptual bulldozer. It manages synthesize three centuries of economic data from the West's advanced economies into several basic axioms that provide a prediction for the next century. And it does so all the while explaining the temporary state of rapid economic growth (3% or more) that the West experienced post-World War II. Piketty's best guess for the future we face isn't pretty.To put it simply: the return on capital (a catch-all term for dividends, rent, stocks, and any other financial asset or productive asset) will exceed the growth rate of the general economy (and therefore the increase in wages from labor), and since capital is inherently concentrated in a small portion of the population, we will experience a severe polarization of income in the coming century that will lead to a massive disparity between the elite and the masses that might be incompatible with democracy.I told you it wasn't pretty.Read more \u203a\n"], "price_new": 24.76}



{"details": ["Hardcover: 1200 pages", "Publisher: Prentice Hall; 12 edition (January 6, 2011)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 0321696727", "ISBN-13: 978-0321696724", "Product Dimensions: 3.4 x 4.3 x 0.7 inches", "Shipping Weight: 5.4 pounds ", "4.2 out of 5 stars", "48 customer reviews", "#4,019in Books", "Science & Math", "Chemistry", "General & Reference", "Textbooks", "Science & Mathematics"], "title": "Chemistry: The Central Science (12th Edition)", "price_rent": 17.48, "authors": ["Theodore E. Brown", "H. Eugene H LeMay", "Bruce E. Bursten", "Catherine Murphy", "Patrick Woodward"], "reviews": ["\n  I transferred schools and I needed Chemistry: The Central Science for Chem II.  The class listed that I needed the 12th edition but they also gave us Mastering Chemistry for free so I figured would just use the E-Book.  It turned out to be a pain so about five weeks into the semester I decided I needed a hard copy of the book and decided to check the difference between editions.  These are literally the same book with exception to Ch. 22 &amp; 23 in 11E and Ch. 23 in the 12E.  Most of Ch.23 in 12E is Ch. 23 with parts of Ch. 22 in 11E, you just have to know where you are supposed to be.  Also Ch.25 in 11E is Ch.24 in 12E.Even all of the end of chapter exercises are the same in 11E as 12E just numbered differently and some in different order, but all within the same section.  There are some that vary slightly, usually just values, but I'd say 97% are the same.  Not all of the sample questions are identical either throughout the chapter but most are.This is a great chemistry book, it is very easy to read and understand and if you put in the work you will see results.  Buy the Student's Guide and Solutions To Exercises (all exercises) and you will have no problems with this course.LASTLY: BUY 11e OVER 12e!!!!!! I paid just under $40 TOTAL (including shipping) for the 11e text, Student's Guide, and Solutions To Exercises (all exercises).  These books would run me almost $500 at the university bookstore and probably $300 by looking around online.\n", "\nI am ambivalent about Chemistry - The Central Science (or should I say, ambi-valent). It is a pretty good choice for a general (freshman) chemistry course; but chemistry majors should have a course that challenges the student with a faster pace, greater depth, and more math. In terms of content and depth, Chemistry - The Central Science is nearly identical to Chemistry by Raymond Chang. I prefer the Chang book for its clear and concise prose. Overall, I would say that Principles of Modern Chemistry by Oxtoby is the best general chemistry textbook for chemistry majors.This textbook is very good at what it teaches: every basic chemistry concept seems to have at least some coverage. Chapters are well organized. Information display (use of illustrations, tables, graphs, headers, bolding, and color) demonstrates a professional understanding of learning processes. The prose in the text is simple and easy to understand (I would guess that the book is written at the tenth-grade level). I love the illustrations in this textbook: they are very effective in developing \"mental models\" of the concepts. I like the thought-provoking questions sprinkled throughout each chapter (with answers provided at the back of the book). I also appreciate the glossary of terms at the end of the book. For what is covered, the textbook does a pretty good job.I question the pacing of this book. Perhaps the pacing is based on experiences teaching large populations of non-majors. Chemistry majors could move through this material much faster. For example, in my instructor copy of the eleventh edition pH is not covered until page 675 (of 1103).I understand that a freshman chemistry book must set limits on scope and depth, but allowing only two pages on the subject of corrosion is silly. There should be an entire chapter on corrosion. I recommend Corrosion Engineering as a reference. Also, the book should add a section on ion exchangers. The book should at least mention personnel and industrial safety as well as associated OSHA regulations. The chapter on Chemistry and the Environment should explain the impact of sulfur on albedo. Fundamentals of Air Pollution, Third Edition is a good reference. The chapters on thermodynamics are weak. Refer to Thermodynamics: An Engineering Approach with Student Resources DVD by Cengel and Boles for a much better explanation of the subject matter.Chemistry - The Central Science does an inadequate job teaching the IUPAC naming conventions for simple ionic and molecular compounds. There needs to be a section or appendix covering naming conventions. The text frequently presents a chemical formula without providing its name. Often, the formula will be presented (without name), then the name will (finally) be presented several pages later. In contrast, Chemistry by Chang has an excellent section on \"Naming Compounds\" in the second chapter. The book Chemistry by Olmsted &amp; Williams also does a much better job explaining compound naming conventions early in the text. Eventually, Chemistry - The Central Science does a satisfactory job (in the last chapter) explaining the naming conventions of organic compounds; however, the book does a inadequate job explaining carbon numbering in cyclic structures.The discussion of chemical bonding in Chemistry - The Central Science is good; but it could (and should) be better. The illustrations are excellent, but the explanations could be improved. I think that Harry B. Gray's book is better (Chemical Bonds: An Introduction to Atomic and Molecular Structure or Chemical Structure and Bonding). Principles of Modern Chemistry by Oxtoby is also better.While Chemistry - The Central Science would be excellent for non-majors, I am disturbed to think that this textbook is being used for chemistry majors. In years past, chemistry majors were taught at a much higher level than this.The math required to use this textbook is shockingly low (maybe at the eighth grade level). There is absolutely no use of calculus; the hardest math required involves use of the quadratic equation. By avoiding math, the book is often forced to include long verbal explanations (where a very short mathematical treatment would have been more immediate and effective). On the plus side, the book includes some excellent graphical illustrations to shore up math-light explanations.Trust me, you need to work the end-of-chapter problems. The publisher has done something very clever to maximize profits: the solution manuals for the problems are sold separately. Not only that! You need to buy TWO solution manuals: One for the \"red\" problems (Solutions to Red Exercises), and one for the \"black\" problems (Solutions to Black Exercises). This has been fairly standard practice for decades, so do not waste too much time cussing and refusing to spend more money. Instead, obtain BOTH solution manuals and work all of the problems.If you are using Chemistry: The Central Science (as a student or a teacher), then make sure you check out the publisher's (Prentice Hall) website for additional resources. For example, there is a test question bank for the book, as well as a disc with all the graphics. Read more \u203a\n", "\n  I bought this textbook for chemistry II because I was so frustrated with the chemistry textbook by Silberberg. This one is so much easier to understand. It's also less cluttered with stuff on the pages which makes it easier to pay attention while reading. I also found that this textbook also gives more information on the material than Silberberg. The sample problems are much easier to understand and were much more helpful for the tests. Even buying this so late in the semester, it has helped tremendously.\n", "\n  I absolutely love this book! Theodore E. Brown makes reading every paragraph very interesting and in a very easy to read format (even for my seventh grader), and is very thorough. Pretty much no background knowledge about chemistry is needed to understand this book. It is also instructive and up to date.\n", "\n  I bought this book as an ADDITION to the chemistry book I was prescribed for my undergrad chem unit. This has got to be the best chemistry book I've read. I love the clarity, the readability, and especially the LOOK of the book. That's important to me. Books need to not just be bland piles of black text. They need good diagrams and photos, good headings and subheadings. They need to be attractive--I'm a visual learner, it DOES make a difference. This book is laid out perfectly, and it looks really good. I actually enjoy reading it. It's far better than any other chem book I've had.\n", "\n  Thick, heavy book with in depth explanations of all topics of general chemistry. Highly recommended for first and second semester chemistry, and handy to keep on the bookshelf after completing courses for general reference.\n", "\n  It's search tool is AWESOME for reading, referencing and notes!  Find the word and/or subject in seconds versus going to the index just to find what you think you are looking for is not worded that way or listed!  Highlight text and pictures to review with class notes and instant word highlight, click and get a definition on the web for anything in the book!  I can''t tell you how nice it is to have these books for the hard core bio classes, not to mention how easy it is on the back, LOL!  &lt;3 IT!  Wish I could find ALL my text books on Kindle!\n"], "price_new": 214.2}



{"details": ["Mass Market Paperback: 843 pages", "Publisher: Tor Fantasy; 1st edition (February 7, 2006)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 0765348799", "ISBN-13: 978-0765348791", "Product Dimensions: 2.6 x 1.6 x 0.6 inches", "Shipping Weight: 12.6 ounces ", "4.2 out of 5 stars", "202 customer reviews", "#11,388in Books"], "title": "Deadhouse Gates: A Tale of The Malazan Book of the Fallen", "price_rent": -1.0, "authors": ["Steven Erikson"], "reviews": ["\nSteven Erikson, Deadhouse Gates (Tor, 2000)I finished up page 598 of Deadhouse Gates, and my next act was to go to my library's website and put the third book in the series, Memories of Ice, on hold.Deadhouse Gates is Erikson's second entry in the Malazan Book of the Fallen series, which, despite its rather clumsy series name, is bang-up stuff. Few authors write martial scenes quite this well in high fantasy; Tolkein's final battle in Return of the King, Elizabeth Moon's depictions of day-to-day troop life in The Deed of Paksennarion, just about every aspect of George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire. Yes, I'd rank Erikson with those three. Easily.Readers of Gardens of the Moon may find themselves slightly confused when opening up Deadhouse Gates, no doubt because it takes place half a world away from Darujhistan, the city at the heart of Gardens of the Moon. You'll remember that everyone was worried, at the end of that novel, about something called the Pannion Seer. Well, you'll not see the Pannion Seer, nor most of the surviving characters from Gardens of the Moon, here (from the description I just read, that tale continues in Memories of Ice). Instead, a select few characters have fled east across the sea for various reasons, and only they link the tales.Like Gardens of the Moon, Deadhouse Gates is an ensemble tale, but is even more sprawling in scope; at any given time, Erikson is following between two and six plot threads in alternating sections of any given chapter. There are four main plot threads, through they meander towards and away from each other, split off, and join together differently, throughout the text.Read more \u203a\n", "\nIf you're looking for a low-calorie dish of light fantasy, this ain't it. If you're looking for a nine-course riot of taste and texture, exotically spiced to make your eyes water, your heart pump faster and your brain do cartwheels inside your cranium, I know a great little Thai place downtown. Or, if you want something analogous to that in your reading, stop at the 'E's and pick up the latest from Steven Erikson.Like 'Gardens of the Moon', and indeed like the whole concept for the 10-volume Malazan series, Deadhouse Gates is an ambitious work that is sometimes in danger of over-reaching itself. But if you can buckle down for the ride, it sure is a frightening one.I don't know what to say, this is the greatest fantasy book I have read ever for a few years. The book starts of a bit slow and your not sure what is happening, as you read on you start to understand what is happening. The book is not just focused on one Character, but serveral. Like most fantasy goods, its good vs Evil, this is different, Good guys do bad things and bad guys do good things and sometimes things that look good are actually bad. So you don't know who's side you are on. In GOTM (Gardens of the Moon), people were say there was not enough history background info, but you find out much in this book, and I'm sure we will find out much more in the future books. The second half of the book, starts to set off fireworks, fast pace action, this book makes you think. Kalam, Crokus, Apsalar, and Fiddler are back, and they got business to sort out.The characters have totally different personalities, and aims. Also we see alot of Parans younger sister Fesilin, and hear much about his older sister.Read more \u203a\n", "\nIt is actually a tribute to Steven Erikson's writing that this book is so hard to plow through. This is because his vivid descriptions of the central heroic event of the novel -- a retreat from a conquering army that is akin to Mao's Long March (although it's the potential \"good guys\" who are retreating, not a future oppressor of 1/2 of Asia) -- is so realistic. The retreating army's despair, desperation, resignation, determination, heroism, intelligence, brutality (and those of its enemy) are palpable to the point that it is difficult to read of the dire straits of the heroes.  The second main plot thread is nearly as dreary as the youngest sister of Gardens of the Moon (book 1) hero Ganoes Paran is captured and sentenced to imprisonment in a mining camp.  Her transformation from happy noble youth to defeated young woman to embodying a cultural icon conveys numerous tribulations, and few triumphs.Deadhouse Gates also has three or more other major story threads that are largely separate from Gardens of the Moon (book 1 of the Malazan Empire series), and is essentially a stand-alone novel. Nonetheless, Deadhouse Gates fits squarely within the overarching narrative that connects all the books in the series (and which becomes more apparent in Memories of Ice, book 3 of the series). It contains the story elements that have launched Erikson's career -- gritty stories of heroism and villainy, vivid action, intriguing cultural elements, a long and rich history preceding the story at hand, unquestioned originality (especially in comparison to 95% of the fantasy fiction available) and the feel that the world he created is starting toward a gargantuan eruption with innumerable initial tremors.Read more \u203a\n"], "price_new": 8.99}



{"details": ["Series: The Malazan Book of the Fallen, Book 1 (Book 1)", "Mass Market Paperback: 666 pages", "Publisher: Tor Fantasy; Reprint edition (December 23, 2004)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 0765348780", "ISBN-13: 978-0765348784", "Product Dimensions: 1.6 x 2.7 x 0.4 inches", "Shipping Weight: 11.4 ounces ", "3.7 out of 5 stars", "619 customer reviews", "#5,250in Books"], "title": "Gardens of the Moon (The Malazan Book of the Fallen, Book 1)", "price_rent": -1.0, "authors": ["Steven Erikson"], "reviews": ["\nAfter reading the reviews, but also talking to some people who have read Erikson's works, I must say I found myself to be an oddity. I neither love nor hate Erikson's works. Or, to be more precise, I love and hate them at the same time.The problem with this book (as well as the entire Malazan series) is that both the proponents and the opponents are right. That is, Erikson's writing has some excellent points, but it has some major weaknesses itself. It's one of the very rare cases where I'd describe the quality of the writing as \"controversial\".First, the strong points. Erikson is an excellent worldbuilder. He's an excellent character builder. He's a great plotbuilder. He's got all the qualities a good fantasy writer needs. If you find a plotline, you're guaranteed to find it well constructed. If you find a well-formed character, you'll find him/her believable and coherent. If you find some world description, it'll surely be breathtaking.Now, the weak points. It's no coincidence that I started each of the sentences in the previous paragraph with \"if you find\". The problem with Erikson is, sometimes you get tired of searching. I think the one quality Erikson lacks most is underlining. Even mediocre fantasy authors know that in order to get the reader focused on their writing, they have to let him know what's important in the book and what's not. Erikson seems to ignore this truth - he seems to be constantly poking the reader, telling him \"there are no less important parts in the book, everything is equally important\".To show how much this is an issue, a comparison. I find that Martin actually cares for the reader's attention and keeps track of his main characters and plotlines - I don't have such feeling with Erikson.Read more \u203a\n", "\nNow where do I start? Gardens of the moon is the first book in a series of 10 (5 out so far) based on at least 5 continents and I estimated over 10 different character POV per book. There is also about 300, 000 years of relevant history, numerous different species and a completely different system of `magic' to the regular fantasy fare.  With countless mysteries and good number of extremely powerful beings it is quite hard to get your head around it at first. So I will try my best in this review to give you a good idea of what to expect from the series as a whole.Firstly if you are looking for any of the following, beware!A young nobody (or lost prince)  finds famous sword, hacks up baddy, saves the worldMain characters that never seem to dieA light read i.e. Few brain cells or imagination required (Harry Potter?)Author spoon feeding i.e. everything is explained immediatelyElves, Orcs, Hobbits, goblins etcAfter about 100 pages of gardens of the moon you will be very confused, after about 200 it will be even worse, it was for me when I first read it. The story does pick up, but there are still a number of things that will have your head spinning. Erikson is not the type to give info dumps so the brain cells will have to stay sharp while reading this book since the info is spread through all the books. The first book is the weakest of the 5 currently published simply because it is impossible to fully understand everything that happens since you don't have enough information about the Malazan world. But perseverance pays of tenfold as soon as the second book and there is hardly any filler (WOT?)  so it is worthwhile not to skim through.Read more \u203a\n", "\nThere's good new and no so good news.The good new is, Erikson's \"The Gardens of the Moon\" is a fat, intelligent and wonderfully convoluted fantasy novel. Along with Ricardo Pinto's quite dissimilar but equally intelligent \"The Chosen\", this is one of the best genre debuts to appear in the last two or three years. (As an aside: Erikson is a Canadian, now living in the UK. Pinto is Portuguese, but also lives in the UK. Hmm, wonder if I should emigrate too? After all, look at Poirot... Quite good for the little grey cells, it seems).The not so good news (well, the daunting news, at least) is that \"Gardens\" seems to be the first of a projected 10-volume series. Oh dear! Not again!Of course, the good news is not going to sound too good if you don't like \"military\" fantasy. \"Gardens\" is very much about war, dealing as it does with the Empress of Malazan attempting to conquer, by foul means rather than fair, everything in (and indeed out of) her site. There's a lot of intrigue and a lot of politics, and there's a hell of a lot of (deftly distributed) historical background, but in this first instalment at least, that's what it pretty much boils down to.Conversely, the not so good news is going to sound very sweet if you're the sort of reader who gobbles up each and every of Glen Cook's \"Black Company\" books the moment they appear. \"Gardens\" is not only similar to the Black Company series in that it deals mainly with the often magical struggles between irreconcilable and not quite comprehensible adversaries, but also in that it generally depicts events from the viewpoint of the more or less \"ordinary\" soldier (sorcerous or otherwise). Erikson is, however, better at this than Cook; he is also rather more ambitious.Read more \u203a\n"], "price_new": 5.44}



{"details": ["Hardcover: 336 pages", "Publisher: Little, Brown and Company; 1 edition (September 17, 2013)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 031623480X", "ISBN-13: 978-0316234801", "Product Dimensions: 9.3 x 6.1 x 1.3 inches", "Shipping Weight: 1.1 pounds ", "4.6 out of 5 stars", "1,691 customer reviews", "#18in Books", "Health, Fitness & Dieting", "Diseases & Physical Ailments", "Nervous System", "Allergies", "Nutrition", "Food Allergies"], "title": "Grain Brain: The Surprising Truth about Wheat, Carbs,  and Sugar--Your Brain's Silent Killers", "price_rent": -1.0, "authors": ["David Perlmutter", "Kristin Loberg"], "reviews": ["\n  This book is absolutely amazing. It is chock full of great information for the dieter who is looking to increase his knowledge on how exactly grains and different types of carbs can affect your brain.I really enjoyed the writer's style, it helped keep me engaged and interested in the content, unlike other books on the same subject. The most interesting part is that I was able to lose a significant amount of weight just by following some of the guidelines in the book. I also took a supplement called Garcinia Cambogia that has only accelerated my weight loss.I have a child with ADHD so I really enjoyed the fact that ADHD and different types of gluten sensitivity were covered in grain brain. Since I have previously been on the primal diet, I knew some of the information since the two diets were similar, but not exactly the same. Prior to reading it I believed that gluten free and grain free were exactly the same which is not always the case.I recommend that anyone read this book, it's a quick read and contains a ton of great information that can be extremely helpful. I was lucky to get this book as a gift from my lovely brother in law (Marcus) and really owe him one for this great read.\n", "\nWhen I saw this title, I knew I had to read it. \"Grain Brain\" brought images of a cow at a computer. Since I am very interested in both the mind and good health, I wanted to learn more. Like so many people, I want to do anything I can to avoid dementia and Alzheimer's.So, who is Dr. Perlmutter and why should we listen to him? It turns out that he is one of the leading integrative medicine neurologists in North America today. He is the author of The Better Brain Book: The Best Tool for Improving Memory and Sharpness and Preventing Aging of the Brain and Power Up Your Brain. Like Dr. Oz and Dr. Andrew Weil, he integrates conventional medicine diagnosis and treatment with the latest innovations in nutritional and environmental medicine. I love medical doctors who have traditional training and look for prevention rather than cure.Dr. Perlmutter makes a bold promise that this program can help people with:* ADHD* Depression* Diabetes* Epilepsy* Insomnia* Intestinal problems* Memory problems and much moreAccording to Dr. Perlmutter, the number one cause of brain disease is inflammation. Inflammation is our body's natural response to some kind of stress in the body. Prolonged inflammation leads to a reduction of cellular function followed by cellular destruction. This damages your body and your brain.So, where is this inflammation coming from?  The main source is processed food.Read more \u203a\n", "\n  I am a low carber, and I thought I was pretty up on things.  I've lost 35 pounds, gotten off of meds that had nasty side effects, and felt pretty knowledgeable about low carbohydrate eating.  However, I am gaining weight back, mainly from cheating, and after reading this book, I know which cheats are causing me real distress!  Who would think that the glycemic index for a piece of whole grain bread is higher than that of table sugar?I know I am extra sensitive to carbohydrates, but have always thought that I could eat foods containing gluten with no penalty except for the carbs.  I have changed my mind.This book is clearly written and sends up the warning flag for how our modern diets are killing us early.  Add to that our penchant for cheap food that allows Monsanto to march on with their GMO program, and we are heading down a slippery slope.Time to wake up.  Read this book.  Heed the author's warning.  Change your way of eating.  Clear up your brain fog, reduce your waistline, preserve your youth a little longer.  Well worth the read.\n", "\nThis book is phenomenal.  There is SO much good information in here.  I'm not a fast reader, but I read this book in one day; I couldn't put it down.  The writing style is very easy to understand and interesting.  The info is invaluable.  This is one of the gamechanger books!There are so many things to learn about.  Such as!  The fatter you get, the more your brain shrinks (this explains a lot for me)!  And the portion of your brain that shrinks is the cognitive and memory portions. And the fact that diabetes sets you up for dementia and Alzheimer's.  There is lots of information on inflammation and its role in many illnesses, including nervous and brain diseases.  There is also info in here on depression and how a lot of it is related to gluten sensitivity.  ADHD is covered in depth.  This book should enable many people to get off  medications if they will try this lifestyle.  I have easily thought of a dozen people I think would be helped by reading it.  If I could, I would order multiple copies to give away.  This book has so much really important information for so many people.There was much information on gluten sensitivity and insulin sensitivity.  He went into lots of great detail on how many different ways the diet influences your body and your state of health (or disease)!  I am going to reread this book and make lots of notes on all this important information (that's how good this book is; I normally don't do that).A lot of the information in this book I knew about from studying up on the Paleo diet.  The diet is very similar to Paleo, but not the same; I noticed a few differences.  (For example, this book is for gluten free whereas Paleo is straight grain free.Read more \u203a\n"], "price_new": 15.26}



{"details": ["Paperback: 1600 pages", "Publisher: O'Reilly Media; Fifth Edition edition (July 6, 2013)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 1449355730", "ISBN-13: 978-1449355739", "Product Dimensions: 9.3 x 7.1 x 2.8 inches", "Shipping Weight: 4.8 pounds ", "4.1 out of 5 stars", "57 customer reviews", "#1,888in Books", "Textbooks", "Computer Science", "Object-Oriented Software Design", "Computers & Technology", "Programming", "Game Programming", "Software Design, Testing & Engineering", "Object-Oriented Design"], "title": "Learning Python, 5th Edition", "price_rent": 34.99, "authors": ["Mark Lutz"], "reviews": ["\n  I like how O'Reilly breaks out its PERL books. There is \"Learning PERL\" for beginners, \"Programming PERL\" as a reference, and \"PERL Cookbook\" for solutions. Alas, this book, a weighty tome that makes the dictionary look skinny, should really be renamed \"Programming Python\". It's a great reference, but good luck trying to learn Python succinctly and from scratch. It's like trying to learn English by reading the dictionary. I'll give it 3 out of 5 on correctness and completeness, but like trying to buy a pair of shoes at a giant Megamart with no department signs, you'll eventually just get frustrated and leave.\n", "\n  I was a total noob that wanted to learn to program and was advised to learn Python, since I want to do some text analysis. I started out with Learn Python the Hard Way (to mind numbing), tried CodeCademy.com (to general) and watched a lot of videos on youtube (too fragmented) and read a lot of different specialized books on Python (like Python for Data Analysis). THIS book is finally the one that step-by-step in a good old school-teacher way is the perfect fit for me. Gentle, start at page 1 and go one page at the time forward - and it all makes sense and is perfectly balanced.I strongly recommend this book for anyone that is absolutely new to programming and have no ambitions to be a programmer, but only yo learn to use code as a tool.\n", "\nIn the 5th edition of this book, author Mark Lutz takes you on a comprehensive tour of the Python language. In this book he covers a lot of ground, and does so in an easy-to-understand way, making this book great for beginners, or for someone coming from another language. Moreover this book covers both Python 2.7.X and 3.X which is a big plus.Learning Python lives up to its title: after reading this book, someone new to programming altogether will walk away with a solid understanding of the Python language basics, including some advanced features. As mentioned this book covers a lot of ground, which is to be expected when it is 1600 pages long, however, it does so in an engaging manner. The author manages to convey the more complex concepts in a good way by breaking them down and walking you through a large range of examples. Furthermore, the writing style is very clear and it is obvious from the text that this author has a lot of experience teaching classes on Python as he seems to \"preempt\" any confusion before it arises.Compared to similar books, Learning Python goes deeper into each topic, and covers more topics than any one \"Learning\" or beginners' book that I have seen. I believe that's a real plus, as you are not left hanging with questions regarding a topic as one sometimes might be when reading books that just scratches the surface and gives a brief example of some language feature. Even though this book is appropriate for beginners, it introduces what is sometimes thought of as more advanced topics, such as list comprehensions, decorators, descriptors and generators. It is nice to see these features and more included in this comprehensive text as they have become more prevalent recently.There is only one negative that I can think of with regards to this book, and that is the author's tendency to repeat himself. This is partly due to how the book is organized, and it would benefit from merging similar or identical topics into fewer sections. That is, a topic is covered, and then covered again, and once again but each time the topic is elaborated on more in-depth. Although I understand the idea behind this 'build on what we've learned' style I nevertheless think the book would benefit from having one more \"superficial\" introduction to the topic, and then a single more in-depth look at the topic rather than multiple, briefer in-depth discussions over multiple different sections which partly overlaps with the previous discussion of the topic.All in all I would highly recommend this book to someone wanting to learn the Python language, whether a complete newcomer to programming, or a seasoned programmer wanting to pick up the syntax and style. In my opinion it compares favorably to Think Python  as well as Introduction to Computation and Programming Using Python. Read more \u203a\n", "\n  Another reviewer said that trying to learn Python from this book is like trying to learn english by reading the dictionary, and that couldn't be more true. Each discrete topic is covered in minute detail, so it isn't until page 500 or so of this 1500+ page book that you will have covered enough of the basics to write even a simple program. One of Python's strongest selling points is that it's easy to jump in and get programming right away, regardless of prior knowledge, so this book's approach is a major turn-off for anyone that wants to learn through practice and experience.Speaking of which, readers will need to have at least some previous programming experience to make sense of this book, since it relies heavily on jargon that complete beginners are unlikely to understand. If you don't already know what functions, methods, strings, and such are (and experienced programmers here will laugh, but when you are first starting out, such terms can be confusing!) the author isn't going to explain, or if he does, it will be 200 pages later in a different section.A more minor complaint is the dry and formal, textbook-like voice of the author. I don't need to be constantly entertained while learning, but I do need to have fun, and a little humor and personality go a long way.I'm over a hundred pages in, and I give up. I need to actually program while learning to program. I was looking for a beginner friendly, tutorial style book that would encourage exploration and test my knowledge with quizzes. This isn't it. I think I will go back to my severely outdated copy of Beginning Python by Magnus Lie Hetland to brush up on basic program construction, then use this book as a reference as I get deeper into programming with Python.\n", "\n  It's been awhile since I read something that badly written in computer books.Don't get me wrong the guy knows his stuff and there is a lot of information hidden in there.Unfortunately it is truly hidden in unnecessary repetitions and fluff.It is not a book or reference or tutorial, this is something like a notes from Mark Lutz class, that he teaches. While in the class it is totally ok to revisit previous topics or not get distracted by advanced concepts in the book repetition and \"I'll talk about it later\" becomes super painful. Dear author, It's the book I can re-read previous topics as needed, there is no need to repeat it 20 times (and this is not an exaggeration).In fact the most used phrase- which you will meet on average twice per page is \"more on * later\" and \"as we discussed previously/(in chapter *)\". If you don't believe me do a regular expression search on it.This book would've been so much better if it was 1/5 in size with topics staying together (we have 3 places/chapters for strings in different places in the book and don't even get me started on classes presentation structure).Also it looks a little biased toward 2.6 version and old ways (% vs format for instance), the very important point of being able to re-use positional anchor with format statement is not even mentioned as an advantage \"{0}={0}.value\".format(\"var\") for example cannot do it with % have to type \"var\" twice.\n"], "price_new": 38.99}



{"details": ["Paperback: 352 pages", "Publisher: Speak; Reprint edition (April 8, 2014)", "Language: English", "ISBN-10: 014242417X", "ISBN-13: 978-0142424179", "Product Dimensions: 8.2 x 5.6 x 0.9 inches", "Shipping Weight: 12 ounces ", "4.8 out of 5 stars", "13,427 customer reviews", "#2in Books", "Teens", "Love & Romance"], "title": "The Fault in Our Stars", "price_rent": -1.0, "authors": ["John Green"], "reviews": ["\n  I've read a lot of books, but this is one of my all time favorites; that's not something I can say about very many books. I'll make it simple; I'm a fifteen year old teenage boy. When I usually read a book, I toss it aside and move on to the next one. And, like most teenage boys, I am not very emotional. At the end of this book, I cried. Not just a few tears either; I was full on bawling my eyes out. That's how good this book is. I promise you, unless you have a heart of stone, you will love this book.\n", "\nAlthough his brother Hank might argue that the real \"fault in our stars\" is that our sun contains limited amounts of hydrogen, which will cause it to eventually run out of the only fuel source capable of supporting its mass against gravity, thereby expanding until its outer shell envelops our tiny planet and consumes it in a fiery death, I think it is more likely that John Green's title refers to a line from Shakespeare's Julius Caesar:\"The fault, dear Brutus is not in our stars, / But in ourselves, that we are underlings.\" Caesar (I, ii, 140-141)What does this quote mean and how does it relate to a novel about two kids dying of cancer?  I'll explore that below.The Fault in Our Stars is the story of two 16-year-olds who meet at a cancer support group.  Hazel Lancaster, the narrator, is afflicted with terminal thyroid cancer which has ravaged her lungs enough to necessitate the use of an oxygen tank wherever she goes.  It is during a support meeting that she is introduced to Augustus Waters, whose leg was claimed by a malignant bone tumor and who soon becomes the object of her affection.When I learned of the plot of this novel, I was initially a bit turned off.  I'm reminded of a comment a friend made when I asked her if she wanted to go see the movie 50/50, upon which she exclaimed \"who wants to go see a movie about people dying of cancer?\"  I couldn't come up with a satisfactory response, and we settled for a two-hour movie about the competitive world of robot fighting (which still caused me to shed a tear).  So why would anyone, especially young adults, want to read about \"cancer kids?Read more \u203a\n", "\nPart one: The Book.\"The Fault in Our Stars\" is a work that defies its genre in all the best ways possible. The silly boycrushes and superficial gossip that most writers think makes up 99% of high school steps aside for a beautiful, honest, heartrending story of life, death, and love. I can only compare this book to Markus Zuzak's award-winning \"The Book Thief\" in terms of sophistication and depth.Hazel and Augustus are two of the most fleshed-out characters, particularly teenagers, that I have ever read. Their story is a joy and a privilege to read. Furthermore, their love is more real than anything else you will ever find on the Young Adult shelves.Note- Read it alone if you can. People give you weird looks when you aren't sure if you're laughing or crying.Part Two: A Response to Several ReviewsThis bit is written in response to those who find the dialogue unrealistic, particularly for wee little teenagers. To them, I'd firstly like to request that you stop being condescending. Does every teenager speak like that? No, of course not. But please don't assume that means all teenagers are incapable of using words with more than two syllables, or lack the brainpower to be witty, insightful, and existential in conversation.Having spent the last five or so years in this nebulous \"teenagerdom\", I believe I may be qualified enough to judge the \"teenageriness\" of Green's dialogue. Do the characters sound like teenagers? No. They don't sound like iCarly, or Bella Swan, or Troy Bolton or the majority of teens in pop culture.But they do sound like me, and my best friends, and the people I surround myself with in high school. They sound like people, people I'd like to meet.Read more \u203a\n", "\n  In The Fault in Our Stars, author John Green tackles the major questions of existence with humor, honesty, and grace.  The narrator (Hazel) is dealing with a terminal form of cancer and yet this is not a story about dying but rather a story about truly living.  Through the lives of the two main characters Green shows us that we are all in fact terminal, but that we largely decide how to spend our brief moments of life.  Most lives are not triumphs or tragedies purely, but they are filled with moments of both.I would heartily recommend this novel to a wide audience far beyond the Young Adult crowd.  Personally, I became aware of Green through his YouTube efforts and eagerly awaited this book.  My only regret is that I read it at one sitting, but I simply could not put it down.  A masterful, coming-of-age story.  Wonderful and poignant.  Laughter and tears.  I will definitely be passing this book on to the readers in my life.\n", "\nIt seems like every less-than-five-star review needs to begin with the author's assurance of being a Nerdfighter and loving John Green, lest it be downvoted into oblivion. Therefore let me begin by saying that yes, I am a Nerdfighter, and I watch John Green videos religiously. However, TFIOS fell a little flat for me. Most points I want to make have already been addressed, but I still wanted to stand with my fellow three-star-ers.My main problem with the book is that the characters are just not believable. They do not speak like teenagers. They do not even handle situations like teenagers do. So many interactions between Gus and Hazel are interactions which, plain and simple, just would not happen between real, emotional, scared, awkward, virgin teenagers, let alone ones with cancer who have been socially cut off for much of their lives. Their transactions are so smooth and painless with just the barest occasional tinge of awkwardness, when most of them ought to be drenched. Augustus's flirting comes to mind as a prime example. It is funny and witty and entertaining and it is also the flirting of an experienced 25 year old. Neither character appears to be a three-dimensional relatable teenager, and that's a shame, because creating a believable teenage romance is what Green is trying to do.Neither Hazel, Augustus, Hazel's mom, or Hazel's dad appear to have their own seperate identity. They all have the same voice and thought pattern and high intelligence level as their creator does. Hazel is John Green. Augustus is John Green. Hazel's mom and dad are John Green. Isaac is John Green. (Now, I know that obviously all of an author's characters are going to reflect bits of themselves, but it shouldn't be so obvious.Read more \u203a\n"], "price_new": 7.79}



